Homework 1 from Justin

Unix Directory Structure
Follow the series of directions below and answer all underlined questions in a file called
“unix_structure.txt”. If the question is followed by a “%”, provide the series of commands you
executed in order to determine the answer, along with their output. (You can do so by
screenshotting the terminal and uploading that screenshot to the repo folder. Include the section
and question number in its title.)
1. Open a new terminal window 
a. What is the full PATH to the directory you’re currently in? % /Users/justin  I just use the command pwd
b. What is the nickname we use for this directory?  justin
2. Within that same terminal window, type “cd ..”, and execute. 
3. Execute “cd ..”  
a. What is the full PATH to the directory you’re currently in? % since cd changes or clear directory and .. represents the previous parent directory, but if you are in the root directory and executed this command, this command cannot be executed
a. What is the full PATH to the directory you’re currently in?  I am still in the root directory  /Users/justin
b. What is the nickname we use for this directory? justin

Complete the following by hand on a separate piece of paper.
1. Illustrate your computer’s file system structure, upload in “dir_structure.pdf”
a. The uppermost box should be titled with the nickname found in 3b of the previous
set of instructions.
b. Make arrow marks from that directory box into other subdirectories found within
that directory.
c. Do the same with the directory you found in 2a above. Don’t list the contents of
any other directory!
d. Do the same with the directory found in 1b.
e. Keep track of the commands you execute and write them on the side of your
illustration.

Linux Commands.  I will show a picture on google classroom for the completed instrucutions
1. Open a new terminal window
a. Locate the folder containing your GitHub repo.
b. Within your assignment0 directory, create a directory called “linux_practice”, and
move your terminal into that directory using the cd command. Make sure to
provide the proper directory name!
c. Execute the series of following commands. While doing so, do not use ls or pwd.
i. Mkdir hello
ii. Mkdir world

iii. Mkdir hello_world.
iv. touch test.txt  -
v. Cp test.txt hello_world
vi. Mv hello_world hello
vii. Cd world
viii. Touch second.txt
ix. Mv second.txt ..
x. Mkdir third
xi. Cd third
xii. Touch fourth.txt
xiii. Cp fourth.txt ../../hello/hello_world
d. Draw a prediction of all of the contents located within your linux_practice
directory. DO NOT CHECK USING LS!!
i. Begin your illustration with the linux_practice directory at the top, with
arrows pointing to each of its subdirectories, along with their
subdirectories and files, etc

e. After drawing out what you think the directories should look like, check your
answers by navigating the directories using cd, ls, and pwd.
f. Submit images “pre_check.pdf” and “post_check.pdf”, noting anything you got
incorrect.

GitHub
1. Read this git website through the end of “1: Repositories”
2. Here are the commands we’ll use:
a. git add .
i. Accounts for all changes, and adds them to the commit object being
pushed
ii. Adds everything within the repo, you can add specific files or directories
by replacing the “.” with specific file names
b. git commit -m “[a descriptive commit message]”
i. Finalizes the commit object, ensures no errors will come as a result
ii. commit messages should be succinct, go over general changes made
c. git push
i. Sends commit object to repo, should update on repo page on GitHub.com

How to Submit (applies to all assignments):
1. Locate your repository
2. Within that directory, type git add .
3. Followed by git commit -m “abc”
a. Replace abc with some meaningful message about the work you’re submitting,
but make sure to surround your message in double quotes!

4. Finally, git push
5. Reload the page to make sure your work is updated!
